hey guys stitch day 4 try it out Tuesday
I am going to be trying these little
babies they are by skinned Iceland and
they are hydro cool firming eye gels so
they're like little white patch things
I've seen all the celebrities wear
underneath their eyes like I feel like I
always liked the Pretty Little Liars
girls and like the Kardashians post
pictures of them getting their eye
makeup done and wearing like these
patches under their eyes and so
obviously I was like really curious to
see what they were and so I've been
looking up some and these one seems are
really cool so what they're supposed to
do is within 10 minutes they are
supposed to have a cooling effect on
your skin and then help firm and lift
your skin and also reduce the appearance
of puffiness and I don't really have
dark circles under my eyes but my eyes
do get puffy so this was definitely
something that I was interested in
trying so I tried these for the first
time this morning I applied them after I
washed my face before I put any makeup
on and I decided to try one at a time so
I could really like analyze the
difference between one eye that had used
the mask in one eye that had it so I put
one a gel on underneath my left eye and
then I waited 10 minutes and then I took
it off and I instantly did notice a
difference I felt like it obviously
looked less puffy than the other eye and
I really feel like it just kind of like
lifted and brightened my eye area so I
was really excited to put the other one
on too I really like that you just like
put them on and go on about your
business and do anything you want you
could do your eye makeup you can go on
the computer you can clean your house
whatever you need to do so yeah here are
my eyes before I use the gels and here
they are after I can notice a difference
in real life I don't know if they're
going to show on camera it's obviously
not like a drastic change but I did feel
like my eyes looked less puffy it made
me feel like I looked more awake which
is like sometimes an issue I have in the
morning if you know I didn't get enough
sleep or anything like that I could have
used these for sure when I was in
college because I pretty much never
slept in college so this would have been
a nice little trick to have up my sleeve
so in here there are eight pairs of a
gel so you can use them eight times and
this was $30
and again it's by the brand skin Iceland
if I puffiness is an issue for you and
you're just curious like me to see what
the celebrities are using on their under
eyes I would definitely recommend trying
these out I definitely think that they
do work I don't think it's like going to
heal you forever but it is a good like
instant reviving thing for your eye area
so you have you guys are interested in
checking these out of course I got a
discount code for you it's in the
description box down below if you guys
are interested in checking these out
it's nice to have a little discount so I
have that in the description box for you
guys I think these are really cool to
have for like a spa night or just to
have on hand when you're having a puffy
eye day I know puffy eyes is like a lot
of things that people are having issues
with and they don't really make a lot of
things to target that but this is really
cool and really helpful to have on hand
if that is an issue for you I hope you
guys enjoyed today's try it out Tuesday
I know it was a quick one but I hope you
guys liked it let me know in the
comments down below what you guys want
me to review for future try it out
Tuesday videos and yeah I'll see you
guys in my next video
love you bye how's it going looking so
good this is my second pair of one today